RDBConsole v0.0.2
=================

__Very__ basic browser-based console for use with 
[RDBHost](http://www.rdbhost.com/) service.

Changelog for v0.0.2
--------------------

* Missing files were entered into repository.

Features
--------

* Provides fieds for authentication (no JavaScript source modification)
* Remembers the credentials for 20 days automatically
* Can make browser 'forget' the credentials instantly
* Retrieves query results and dumps the raw JSON

Installation
------------

To set up RDBConsole, you need to set up your hosts file to enable same-origin 
policy to work. This is done by setting up a subdomain for your localhost 
(assuming you are working on a local system). To do that, first give your
localhost a ``.tld`` suffix, to make it a fully qualified domain name.

Edit your ``/etc/hosts`` file (on Linux and BSD systems) and add the following
line:

    127.0.0.1 localhost.tld
    
Next, you have to set up the RDBHost proxy subdomain. This is done by adding
the following line to your ``/etc/hosts``:

    208.78.103.48 rdbhost.localhost.tld
    
It is assumed that the subdomain is ``rdbhost``. For now, there is no 
configuration UI for the subdomain, so it is advised that you stick with the
defaults. If you want to use a custom subdomain, you're on your own.

Once this is set up, copy the files in this repository to a location servable
by your HTTP server, and direct your browser to console.html.

Using RDBConsole
----------------

To use the console, just type in your credentials into the appropriate fields,
and the query into the large query text box. Hit ``Execute``, and the results 
will be loaded in the area above the form.

Your credentials are stored in a cookie. If you wish to remove the cookie,
click on the ``Delete credentials`` button, and the cookie will be removed. 
Cookie expires automatically after 20 days.

Bugs and feature requests
-------------------------

Use the [Issue tracker at GitHub.com](http://github.com/foxbunny/RDBConsole/issues)
to report any issues.
